<h1 class="text-center">Meetings</h1>

<center>
<blockquote class="blockquote text-center">
    <p class="mb-0">
        "For where two or three are gathered together in my name, 
        there am I in the midst of them."
    </p>
    <footer class="blockquote-footer">Matthew 18:20</footer>
</blockquote>
</center>

<hr>



<h3>Weekly Meetings</h3>

<h5>Lord’s Day Morning Worship Meeting</h5>

At the worship Meeting, you will notice a table in the center with a loaf of 
bread and a cup of wine on it. Though these are just symbols, however, they are 
very graphic emblems rich in meaning: the bread reminds us of a body of the 
Lord Jesus and the cup of His Precious Blood. Taken together they remind us of 
the vicarious death of our Lord Jesus Christ. Following His command at upper 
room shortly before His death at Calvary, we are “remembering Him” 
(1 Corinthian 11: 24) in worship and communion by breaking bread and drink the 
cup.

And the cup reminds us of the communion of the blood of Christ and the bread of 
the communion of the body of Christ. Scripture tells us that forgiveness of sin 
is through His blood and that forgiven sinners become members of body of Christ. 
We have been “called to the fellowship of His Son: Jesus Christ our Lord.” In 
keeping with the New Testament Pattern, various brethren guided simply by the 
Spirit of God will lead in worship until the bread and cup are distributed to 
those in the local fellowship. Hymns will also be given out during the service 
by various brethren as Holy Spirit guides.

For convenience there will be an offering taken for the Lord’s work following 
the bread and wine. However, you will not be solicited nor will we take an 
offering from any person not in assembly fellowship. At the time of closing of 
Worship, a brother may read and comment upon portion of the Bible for devotional.

While all are cordially invited to observe the Worship Meeting, as the scripture 
teaches, sharing the bread and cup is only for those who are in the fellowship 
of the assembly or visiting from similarly gathered fellowship with a letter of 
commendation (Rom 16: 1,2, Act 18: 27) This is not an effort to discriminate or 
to judge the salvation of visitors but is a protection for both the assembly and 
the visitor. This gives the visitor the opportunity to observe and learn how we 
follow only the direction of the Word of God for instruction in the Worship 
Meeting.


<h5>Lord’s Day Ministry Meeting</h5>

Each Lord’s Day, message from the Word of God is delivered for the spiritual 
needs of the believers. Our conviction is that a good quality of life start with 
a proper relationship with your God through knowing His Son Jesus Christ 
revealed in His Word, the Bible. Ministry of the Word always gives spiritual 
foods to believers by edification, encouragement, exhortation.


<h5>Lord's Day Gospel Meeting</h5>

All are welcome to come along and hear the simple, plain yet Bible based message 
of the Gospel being preached. Services run for one hour and there are no 
collections at this or any other service. Biblical definition of “Gospel” is 
clearly stated as follow. “For I delivered unto you first of all that which I 
also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 
And that He was buried and that He rose again the third day according to the 
scripture.” (1 Corinthians 15: 3-4) This meeting will commence by singing a few 
hymns and opened in prayer. Normally there will be two speakers who will each 
have a 30 minutes message. The grace, mercy and love of God will be presented 
as well as the great blessing of knowing sins forgiven and having eternal life. 
The Bible is clear that there is only one method of salvation and that is 
through the finished work of the Lord Jesus Christ on the cross of Calvary.



<h5>Lord's Day Sunday School</h5>

We share a concern for both you and your family. Whether you are coming alone or 
with your family we have classes for all ages. We begin this time by singing 
choruses with the children. Following the singing the children will go to 
various classes belonging to their age group. All children, of all ages are 
welcome. Currently we have three main class divisions – toddlers, pre-teenagers, 
and teenagers/young adults. Every second Lord’s Day, the message is delivered 
for all Sunday school children and adults.



<h5>Bible Reading (Lord's Day and Wednesdays)</h5>

The Bible Reading is where the Scriptures are opened and outlined and discussed. 
We have two Bible Readings each week. Lord’s Day afternoon, we study a book in 
New Testaments and on Wednesday evening, we study one selected book in 
Old Testament. You will find our Bible studies both doctrinally instructive and 
practically encouraging. This Bible studies should serve to deepen your interest 
in God’s Word.



<h3>Monthly Meetings</h3>

<h5>Youth Meeting</h5>

Once every month, the young people gather and study the Bible (currently we are 
studying the book of 1st Kings). Youthes living in these perilous times needs 
concrete faith, spiritual wisdom, discernment, and discipline in the word of 
God. Young people find spiritual strength, vision, and encouragement during the 
three sessions of Bible study and youth fellowship. In each meeting, lunch is 
served.



<h5>Childrens Meeting</h5>

[Describe]



<h3>Annual Meetings</h3>

<h5>Ministry Series</h5>

A four day ministry series is conducted in July and a one week ministry meeting 
is held at the end of the year (from Christmas day up to New Years Eve). The 
ministry meetings are held from Thursday to Lord’s Day. Each evening before the 
meeting, supper is served at 6: 30 PM. Ministry from the Word of God is held 
every evening starting at 8: 00 PM.



<h5>Bible Retreat</h5>

In the third or fourth week of July, we hold our Bible Conference from Monday to 
Thursday. Activities that are regularly held include ministry meetings and 
Gospel meetings, Bible school, devotionals, prayer meetings, testimonies, 
afternoon physical activities, and fellowship hours. This conference is held at 
retreat centers located in either New Jersey or Pennsylvania. Every year many 
guests visit from Canada, USA, and abroad.
